src/devices/i2c/bin/README.md, before:

I2C Utility
===========

Provides I2C devices writes and reads.

1. `i2cutil r[ead] DEVICE ADDRESS`

   Reads one byte from the specified `ADDRESS` of the specified `DEVICE` devfs node and
   outputs to the console. `ADDRESS` here refers to the internal register set of the device, the
   I2C address is already part of the `DEVICE` we are communicating with. Examples:
   a) `i2cutil r /dev/class/i2c/004 5`, reads one byte from the one byte address 0x05.
   b) `i2cutil r /dev/class/i2c/004 0x20 0x3d`, reads one byte from the two byte address 0x203d.
   This command is a convenience command, it is equivalent to a `t` command (transaction, see
   below) with 2 segments, one that writes the address bytes and one that reads one byte back.

2. `i2cutil w[rite] DEVICE DATA...`

   Writes `DATA` bytes into the specified I2C `DEVICE` devfs node and outputs to the console.
   Depending on the device, the first byte(s) correspond to the devices' internal address. Examples:
   a) `i2cutil w /dev/class/i2c/004 0x05 0x12`, writes byte 0x12 to address 0x05.
   b) `i2cutil w /dev/class/i2c/004 0x20 0x3d 0x80`, writes byte 0x80 to address 0x203d.
   This command is a convenience command, it is equivalent to a `t` command (transaction, see
   below) with 1 segment that writes the specified bytes.

3. `i2cutil t[ransact] DEVICE [w|r] [DATA...|LENGTH] [w|r] [DATA...|LENGTH]`

   Performs one transaction with multiple segments. Each segment may be of type `w` (write) or `r`
   (read). For each write `DATA` bytes are written into the specified I2C `DEVICE` devfs node and
   for each read `LENGTH` bytes are read from the specified I2C `DEVICE` devfs node.
   Outputs to the console the read bytes.
   Examples:
   `i2cutil t /dev/class/i2c/000 w 5 r 1` (equivalent to example a) within section 1 above).
   `i2cutil t /dev/class/i2c/000 w 0x20 0x3d 0x80` (equivalent to example b) within 2 above).

4. `i2cutil p[ing]`

   Pings all devices in `/dev/class/i2c` by reading from each devices' address 0x00. Example:
   `i2cutil p
    /dev/class/i2c/000: OK
    [00164.657] 04506:05266> i2c: error on bus
    Error -1
    /dev/class/i2c/001: ERROR
    /dev/class/i2c/002: OK
    /dev/class/i2c/003: OK
    /dev/class/i2c/004: OK`

Commit message:

[i2c][i2cutil] Add support for short device id input
Improve usability by allowing a user to only specify
the devfs number instead of the full path.

Test: Manual i2cutil short device id usage on Ernie:
$ i2cutil r 2 0x4c   <= codec 0
Read from 0x4C: 0x30
$ i2cutil r 10 0x4c  <= codec 1
Read from 0x4C: 0x30
$ audio-driver-ctl -d 1 gain -45
$ i2cutil r 2 0x4c
Read from 0x4C: 0x8A
$ i2cutil r 10 0x4c
Read from 0x4C: 0x8A

Change-Id: I1c8509e779af8dd89320b672a1e9c108542eab26
Reviewed-on: https://fuchsia-review.googlesource.com/c/fuchsia/+/431196
Commit-Queue: Andres Oportus <andresoportus@google.com>
Reviewed-by: Braden Kell <bradenkell@google.com>
Testability-Review: Braden Kell <bradenkell@google.com>

src/devices/i2c/bin/README.md, after:

I2C Utility
===========

Provides I2C devices writes and reads. Note that DEVICE devfs nodes can also be selected by
providing the device index, so `i2cutil r 2 5` is equivalent to `i2cutil r /dev/class/i2c/002 5`.

1. `i2cutil r[ead] DEVICE ADDRESS`

   Reads one byte from the specified `ADDRESS` of the specified `DEVICE` devfs node (full path or
   device index) and outputs to the console. `ADDRESS` here refers to the internal register set of
   the device, the I2C address is already part of the `DEVICE` we are communicating with. Examples:
   a) `i2cutil r /dev/class/i2c/004 5`, reads one byte from the one byte address 0x05.
   b) `i2cutil r /dev/class/i2c/004 0x20 0x3d`, reads one byte from the two byte address 0x203d.
   This command is a convenience command, it is equivalent to a `t` command (transaction, see
   below) with 2 segments, one that writes the address bytes and one that reads one byte back.

2. `i2cutil w[rite] DEVICE DATA...`

   Writes `DATA` bytes into the specified I2C `DEVICE` devfs node (full path or device index) and
   outputs to the console. Depending on the device, the first byte(s) correspond to the devices'
   internal address. Examples:
   a) `i2cutil w /dev/class/i2c/004 0x05 0x12`, writes byte 0x12 to address 0x05.
   b) `i2cutil w /dev/class/i2c/004 0x20 0x3d 0x80`, writes byte 0x80 to address 0x203d.
   This command is a convenience command, it is equivalent to a `t` command (transaction, see
   below) with 1 segment that writes the specified bytes.

3. `i2cutil t[ransact] DEVICE [w|r] [DATA...|LENGTH] [w|r] [DATA...|LENGTH]`

   Performs one transaction with multiple segments. Each segment may be of type `w` (write) or `r`
   (read). For each write `DATA` bytes are written into the specified I2C `DEVICE` devfs node (full
   path or device index) and for each read `LENGTH` bytes are read from the specified I2C `DEVICE`
   devfs node. Outputs to the console the read bytes.
   Examples:
   `i2cutil t 4 w 5 r 1` equivalent to example a) within section 1 above (short path version).
   `i2cutil t 4 w 0x20 0x3d 0x80` (equivalent to example b) within 2 above (short path version).

4. `i2cutil p[ing]`

   Pings all devices in `/dev/class/i2c` by reading from each devices' address 0x00. Example:
   `i2cutil p
    /dev/class/i2c/000: OK
    [00164.657] 04506:05266> i2c: error on bus
    Error -1
    /dev/class/i2c/001: ERROR
    /dev/class/i2c/002: OK
    /dev/class/i2c/003: OK
    /dev/class/i2c/004: OK`
