src/devices/bin/driver_manager/README.md, before:

# Driver Manager

The Driver Manager is responsible for enumerating, loading, and managing the life cycle of device
drivers. Driver Manager also vends the /dev directory to the rest of the system so that others
can access drivers.

## Building and Running

Driver Manager is built and run in every product. It is launched on startup.

If you're looking for running an isolated Driver Manager for testing, please see
[isolated_devmgr](/src/lib/isolated_devmgr/README.md).


## Commandline Options

When running Driver Manager there are some commandline options that can change Driver Manager's
behavior. Normally these are set in the CML file when Driver Manager is run as a component, or
through isolated Driver Manager for testing.

### --driver_search_path=\<string\>

Load drivers from this directory. Can be specified multiple times to search multiple directories.
If this is not defined, the default will be used.

### --load_driver=\<string\>

Load a driver with this path. The specified driver does not need to be in a `driver_search_path`
directory.

### --log_to_debuglog=\<bool\>

Connect the stdout and stderr file descriptors for this program to a debuglog handle acquired with
fuchsia.boot.WriteOnlyLog.

### --no-exit-after-suspend=\<bool\>

Do not exit Driver Manager after suspending the system.

### --sys-device-driver=\<bool\>

Use this driver as the sys_device driver.  If nullptr, the default will be used.

### --driver-runner-root-driver-url=\<string\>

Use the Driver Runner and launch this driver URL as the root driver.

## Kernel Commandline Options

The behavior of Driver Manager can also be changed by several kernel commandline options.
Please look at the list of [kernel commandline options](/docs/reference/kernel/kernel_cmdline.md)
and look for the options that start with `devmgr.*`

Commit message:

[isolated_devmgr] Remove driver-search-path
This CL removes the option to add a 'driver-search-path',
since DriverManager should only be searching /boot/drivers.

If a test specifies any 'load-driver' options now, then
DriverManager will no longer search all of /boot/drivers.
This option can be useful if someone wants to have different
drivers loaded for different tests in the same package.

Most of the isolated devmgr tests are specifying specific
drivers but they really want the 'default' behavior.
Remove a lot of these unneeded specifiers.

Fixed: 83971

Change-Id: If338c43687007d23c9f8d210f5d2b4ebd53e1957
Reviewed-on: https://fuchsia-review.googlesource.com/c/fuchsia/+/577361
Reviewed-by: Suraj Malhotra <surajmalhotra@google.com>
Commit-Queue: David Gilhooley <dgilhooley@google.com>

src/devices/bin/driver_manager/README.md, after:

# Driver Manager

The Driver Manager is responsible for enumerating, loading, and managing the life cycle of device
drivers. Driver Manager also vends the /dev directory to the rest of the system so that others
can access drivers.

## Building and Running

Driver Manager is built and run in every product. It is launched on startup.

If you're looking for running an isolated Driver Manager for testing, please see
[isolated_devmgr](/src/lib/isolated_devmgr/README.md).


## Commandline Options

When running Driver Manager there are some commandline options that can change Driver Manager's
behavior. Normally these are set in the CML file when Driver Manager is run as a component, or
through isolated Driver Manager for testing.

### --load_driver=\<string\>

Load a driver with this path. If this is set then DriverManager will not search
/boot/drivers/ for drivers.

### --log_to_debuglog=\<bool\>

Connect the stdout and stderr file descriptors for this program to a debuglog handle acquired with
fuchsia.boot.WriteOnlyLog.

### --no-exit-after-suspend=\<bool\>

Do not exit Driver Manager after suspending the system.

### --sys-device-driver=\<bool\>

Use this driver as the sys_device driver.  If nullptr, the default will be used.

### --driver-runner-root-driver-url=\<string\>

Use the Driver Runner and launch this driver URL as the root driver.

## Kernel Commandline Options

The behavior of Driver Manager can also be changed by several kernel commandline options.
Please look at the list of [kernel commandline options](/docs/reference/kernel/kernel_cmdline.md)
and look for the options that start with `devmgr.*`
